More question. We're like, okay, what are you what is what are you gonna do to actually control that, essentially? Yeah. So with my lighting, it will only cause temporary blindness. All right? The green light, I was gonna go with all white lights, but the human eye is more sensitive to green lights. So I can go to lower Lumen and still get more impact on the eye. And then I start thinking, well, this whole thing is about disorientation, so I'm gonna add some white lights in there, because the eye will tune to green and open dilate, but that white light, when it hits, it's gonna go through. It'll be twice as effective. If you hit them with a green light and they're looking at you, they will see nothing but purple for three, two to three seconds. So it's pretty effective, and that's, I mean, if you see them coming a long ways away, you're going to be able to get them away before they engage you. That's the 1st Echewan of what we got to figure out. It's the angle, lens of the lighting, the heating, the rotation of the lights, the sequencing, the overrides, everything that goes with that, the triggering of them. The, I think I have the heat management down on the lighting system. But basically, the system is gonna be... Imagine that bell and on top of it, we have a light. So when you come up to this device, you have to turn a switch. It's a three way switch. has a key that you can pull out. It's a generic key. But that arms it. When you arm it, it turns on the light. So you can see, you know, if this is for home use, you're trying to bind someone that, you don't want to shoot a family member. So you're using this. The 2nd you see someone, you can pull the trigger, it overrides the white light, and goes just to this strobe and sound mode. So we gotta figure out that switching, override switching. Have you talked to any, like, in terms of, like, the limits that you've placed on the sound, decibels, and the, um, the lumens? Have you talked to any medical professionals about what is... I looked at OSHA standards. Okay. And light is a little bit more difficult. Now, yesterday I played golf with a friend of mine who was in the eye surgery business for 30 years. And so he's gonna help me fit at the specifics. By and large, though, this aluminum light will not permanently. Okay. And that's one things I will investigate, because that's the last thing we wanted to say, it's not lethal. People come up line and they work. I'm liable for that. The sound system, I'll answer you a question about the sound system first. You can listen to 130 decibels or 30 seconds for it causes permanent damage. Oh, really? Yes. Now, the sound projected from this device for every, once you go one distance, it's a, it's a square root. So you're, or it's squared diminishment. So for every foot you go out, say, it starts at 1:30, you go out 3 feet, it's at 127, it drops 6 persons. 124 decibels. Then you go out. So 3 is going to be 9 and it just extends out like that. So it's definitely, excuse me, it's doubling every time. So it goes up, but you have a big ball off. Slug rhythmic fall off. But at the source, it's 130. Okay. Since if you sounded it for 30 minutes, it's gonna be bad for everyone. I mean, it's just gonna be, and you burned out your whole use of high volume of time. Because if you go at 120, you can go to 120 for like 35 minutes. Well, you can parse all this out and say that, okay, this, I'm gonna shoot this burst of 130 for a millisecond or 5 milliseconds. Then I want to go to 120, 110, so I can rotate S, the confusion, because your mind tunes into rhythms, it tunes in sound levels, and everything else. So the whole thing is just totally uh, um, confused the neural system. Okay. So I'm gonna be chopping that up and I have sequences to take it up and down in high ranges, but enough to where it doesn't, I'm not done in 30 seconds. I can get a solid three minutes out of it, and three minutes is really the critical time that I'm focused time I'm working on. From the time you pull it, now, it'll cool back down and everything's good, and they're that far out. So we're really not risking anyone unless it's this far apart. If I'm from here to you, then it'll meet the protocol. So I'm making a minimum protocol this. So we'll have to test some of these things, um, as far as the volume and how it projects and everything else. This is not just a falling, it's a sonic bullet. I'm running specific herds with a square wave that is just, it's proven to be horrible for people, just driving crazy. It's, it's a really caustic sound to the ears and to the brain. On top of that, I want to run a sweep of probably 2,000 to 12,000 hertz. Um, which is, again, too cause disorientation. So I'll be having to modulate that sound. Originally, I had a recording device in there that we'd be able to record a sound on, but more research, it looks like doing it with hardware is the way to go. It just makes it more durable and field steady. The, I'm gonna go back to the light system. So you're gonna have that trigger, it triggers light, then you're gonna have to figure out the logic for the blinking, and then you're gonna have to do a conversion of the electrical system from whatever the battery is out to the with the LEDs take. LEDs are off the shelf, or on stars, dissipation is a big thing. But these put out... 161 Lumen apiece in green, and, like, a thousand women and wife. Okay. So, get one? I'm sorry. But you said that you had certain parts of the project completed. What, um, what components do we need to complete? Like, specifically? This. I'm doing this main hard way down the center. I have the parts for most everything else. One of the things we'll have to figure out is a trigger and a configuration, and look at this. I have the voltage meter, so the power comes in, I'm gonna have this rechargeable. So the power come in, comes in, I have the batteries already. Buy this, I forget the voltage. I think 18.5. But it's part of the design on this. So I have the, it comes into the power path. Like I said, when we send it up to the lights, it goes there, we go to the sound, we're going to have to take it through an amp, and through the sound generator, um, And I also have two other features on here. One is I want to have a meter on there that shows if it's charged. And then I want to have a chirp on there, like a fire alarm, if it's not adequate to do it. Just so people don't go, I went to use it, and it was dead. Well, there's a warning says to make sure it's good to go. Is there anything that we that we would need to design, or is everything already designed? No, no, no. Okay. I'm, I'm finding parts that I think I need, and I have to ship that half them back, because I've got to upgrade or change my mode. I said, I had those little recorders ready to roll, and I says, no, I gotta go with the with the chips configuration to make it. You know? Now, ultimately, my goal is not only to build a prototype, and test the functionality and make sure it's doing everything that we believe to do. Second thing I want to do is, this is a prototype. So we can use duct tape to put it together. And just it doesn't matter if long it's functioning the same way. The, if we go to production, though, or it may be good, if we, if you design all the components to just get in a pre-printed board. Have that as the ultimate goal, because that really gets really inexpensive down the line. So it's a ton of space, kind of problems. I'm designing this with a couple of basic principles. He's the most important principles. Number one, that it's effective in area denial for stopping someone. Number two, ease of use. I don't want people to have to think. You know, I've had a lot of feedback and stuff. People go, well, if you put a switch here and do this and that, And like, you know, people in the dark, you don't learn, you got so many systems to learn that, you know, you don't want to have to say, okay, now how do I operate this thing? It's going to be that simple that you diss and it just functions on its own. Okay. The pepper gel, we've looked at putting a, um, solenoid or something there to have it fire that, it has another whole layer of complex complexity, and heart, and cost, and... there's too much. How do I trigger that separately into too many triggers? What I've come up with is that bias will fit on the, could have brought the little canister. It'll fit on the front as your front handle and you'll be able to just use it manually. What this does from a manufacturing standpoint is, I can just say, you want to refill you by that part? It's not on me. I can put a warning on there, it says, use this at your own risk, here's the part number, if I want to. So it can reel me back on some liability. And some people may not want it if they have this at the house, won't ever gas on their kids, ever chill. So this gives the flexibility to do that without incurring cost and without having to say, oh, well, the system's down now. We got three systems, one of them is down. So it's for simplicity. So I'm trying to keep the sign pretty simple. That is yeah, go ahead. How attached to you are, are you to the pepper gel specifically versus, like, if you want to use, like, have a choice between, let's say, pepper spray or being able to put a taser on the front? Oh, yeah, so the marketplace. I've talked about the dazzling. Yeah. Tasers. Effective range up to 25 feet. Well, outer limit is 25 feet. Effective range is about 12 feet. They have two probes. They have to touch your skin. If you're wearing body armor, is that doing good? Yep. If you're wearing a heavy coat, doesn't do any good. From PCP, it may not do any good. Any of y'all not know? So that's the issue with the Taser. I looked at that. And plus, a taser, you got to be able to aim anything. Now, if it was on the front, it was all aligned, that'd be great. But one of the things I've noticed is pepper gel, is you're gonna be able to see the focus light, and that's gonna kind of act like your target. It's gonna focus wherever that light is. it's intuitive. If you have a flashlight, you're not going. don't know how to use this thing. It's there. You know how to, it's innate, to your system, you know how to use that mess, the principle behind this. If you had the, I'm sorry, just had a flashback. I was watching this blooper, this policeman has his guy down, and he has his taves around the orientation, puts against his hand, and shoots his hand like... He's got two... Sorry, it's just funny. So, yeah. And then you got to pull the trigger and like I said, there's there's issues with the taser. Liability too, just from the start. So you have the taser, you have the pepperball gels, which, you know, people say, I like that, and it's like, those, I have a, you're gonna go paintball over. You know that those things can inspire. It's just a mechanical system, and they're not dependable. Number two, you gotta be able to aim and hit somebody. In gun fight scenarios with law enforcement, they can be 5 feet away and not hit each other. I mean, in the panic mode, you just, you squeeze and triggering everything else. So this is designed, you don't have to panic. You't have to have any skill set. You got to be able to pick this thing up, and this weight is going to be an issue because the speaker size. But we'll be able to engineer some of this stuff, some of the weight out of it, I believe. I think we were envisioning less of a, like, a less of a, like, shooting the taser, more of like a, like, like, more bayonet style way. You like, poke the dude with it. But what about what about including both? Like, you have the both the, you have both the pepper spray, spray thing, and then once you do that, you can taste them. So you have different options. Like if one fails or. We could do that. The challenges on that is just space on the front of this device. Fair, fair. It's like a bell, so I feel like it will also be weird, though. And number two, if someone is playing with us who isn't supposed to, they get shot, kids, that's now you can put those, like you said, direct taters that, you know, put a 1000000 bolts in or whatever they claim. You can do that, but then you're adding another system, another training point. So this is really just, your training is this. You got three, you pull this trigger, you pull that trigger, and this is an ideal scenario is, not the ideal scenario, the bad scenario, but the worst, the best practice would be, if there is a school shooter, to be able to take this out, whether the gym, wherever it is, engage them far enough out to where the sound, hopefully, is a turn, if they get, some taco's at the 80, excuse me, when the life goes out to 80 yards, the sound is effective, probably up to 30 yards, or 30 feet, excuse me. when you really get high intensity enough to make a difference. So it's the closure they get. So if you're going to come out most hallways, you're going to be fine with the light and the sound because it's going to echo and everything else. But if you can incapacitate them, get them down, you don't want to go all the way up to them, because they're making lunch at you, they're close enough to shoot if they still have their weapon. So this pepper gel sprays 15 feet. So it's more effective than a taser as far as that goes. So if you if you do this right and you're getting and they're down and they're cringing, they're non-functional, you can approach it 15 feet, put the gel on, someone's hopefully called the police by now. This takes care of the first three minutes. Okay. If nothing else, nothing else, it'll be use distraction for this person and take their attention away from what their original mission is. Issue, some of the challenges are, you don't have to worry about body armor with this, but a lot of the, or some of the shooters have worn ear protection. That's what I was thinking, like, why? You're not coming out of this, okay? Why worry about your hearing, I guess? But, um, you do have those scenarios. So the sound might not be totally as effective on some, but between the light and the others. But that'll all come out in testing. When the challenges for us will be not only build a system, but on how to test it properly. I can get the devices where you can test the sound, we can test the light, intensities, you know, map it out as far as what the spray is on everything. But the sound is specifically, like I said, it's like a sound bullet. That compression driver, speaker in the back, fires, it moves the air, and that force, and that frequency goes down that tube at a harmonic. It's a 3000 and it's harmonics at 3, 6, 9, 12. So it has my design the length to have the optimal harmonics out of the out of the design. So instead of screwing the horn directly to the speaker, I'm way forming it, condensing it. So, my goal is, if I'm treating someone down there and y'all are sitting there... Throw it over down the hall, you're gonna go, I hear it. It's loud, but they're down there, they're going, Have you done testing to verify that it doesn't affect people in the vicinity? Or not yet. On paper, on paper. On paper. Okay, okay. Oh, another just industry thing for y'all. All software works on a PowerPoint level. Wait, what? All software works in a PowerPoint. Okay. So when people are saying, you know, the software does this and that, it's great up on the board. But until it functions properly, it's bullshit. I'm sorry. We had so many people, oh, does this and that? It's like, show me, well, what kind of they have to hit this way and go here? So on paper, on, we can do everything, it's perfect or anything. So, if you ever have to present you at PowerPoint, you'll never remember them all. Okay. What? Yeah, for like safety. Right. Have you all found it on the, I guess, any safety features so that just not a random kid? Just, oh, let me grab it and then use it. Yeah, so on the side, let me see, I'll show you the type of switch that I have there. On the side of it, I'm gonna have a general switch. So whoever the adult is in charge, the operator, owner of this device is, can... um, take the key out if they want to do it. Now, the pepper gel, this is the canisters for the pepper gel. They're an inch and a half in diameter. They're about that long, so it's perfect for the handle. So I'm just gonna have it, basically, tube there where you can slide it in. The safety on these is on the back. You got to flip that thing up to hit it with your throat. Mm hmm. So it has a safety. Nothing is childproof ultimately if it's a big enough child. We were discussing, so, like, you know, the breakaway glass that you have for fire hydrants? Is there a possibility of like creating a container for that like in school situations so that you can have, at the very least, there's a deterrent of like if, to be able to get this, you're gonna, if you use it, you're gonna get caught. So just prevent like tomfoolery with the device. The, um... Where, get there, get there. The... They don't think alike. Like that. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, I've already pulled these up and researched them. Okay. for the size we need and everything else. That, and talking to teachers and educators, um, and knowing this because I was a troublemaker. If you were, if you put these in elementary school, you're not gonna have any problem. Okay. Middle school? I like to have well. High school, you will have a problem. Because it's a big toy and it's right there, and someone's going to figure out a way to steal it, and then you got all this other issues. There are systems, the industry I came from, I sold and was responsible for the installation service of remote cabins and hospitals. So, the company name was Omnisell, and what it did is, it had cabinets up on the floor with all the medications, like ATM, a nurse would log in. Here's who I am. I would say, They need these medications at this time. It will allow you access to the proper drawers, traffic. Do the billing, do all that stuff. So, the reason I tell you that is this could be a remote application where, once it sounded, an alarm sounded, that it opens these cabinets, so you can make them solid metal lockable cameras with the cylino where they unlock them. But in case of emergency, these unlock. Other than that, no one sees them, no one knows what's there, and they're locked. Um... How many do you think, or what's your idea of how many, I guess, of these devices? You know, I'm working on that model. The issue that I'm trying to overcome and getting in schools is the liability of the children with epilepsy, the kids with epilepsy. It's one in 400 is the stat on it. You could probably do a protocol for schools that adopt this that said, If you have a child, this, you identify, and the teachers need to know if there's a situation, here's what you do with it. You take them into the closet, you tell them to, you know, cover their ears and just stand the dark, and that's the best you can do. My issue is, if you have someone firing gunshots between the light and the sound of gunshots, it'll trigger just the same. Well, mine figured easier, maybe. Yeah. But if you have a choice of someone doing them shooting the bullets, are you stopping them? You know, they say, What if they're holding a kid, and you know, it has epilepsy? You can't minimize all those risks, yeah. Yeah, so, but my challenge for schools is going to be getting to the insurance companies that don't like it, because the technology right now that they use for sound is devastating. It's an Amirat, it's industrial stuff. I think I told these stories that they used that down there to get Maduro. Yeah. Just, it's devastating. There's actually a... group out there that is anti sound devices. But that'd be like saying, I'm anti automobiles, but they only saw the cyber truck. But they didn't see the model Y. You know what I mean? Oh, that's unusual. It is not workable. not a good come. Well, it is. You just you lock into this aspect of it. But I've got to get to them and work through that. I talked to an insurance guy yesterday about that little bit. Um, but then you have the home use, the police potential use security guards, you can carry weapons, uh, military for crowd control, or, um, whatever purchase they may deem. And then I've been thinking all this, and this morning, and now, like, I've been thinking domestic. I mean, this is... Everyone needs the same basic thing for different purposes in different countries. So, there's a lot of applications, but I want to keep my device simple and not designed for a tin applicate. You can't make everyone happy. Period. You don't design to please everyone. We're just saying that, I'm sure y'all heard it, that good is our perfect is the enemy of good. Yeah, I hate that saying. That's stupid, that's a cop out. But you can only do so much. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And if you want to make it, I mean, I never get. I work for the company for probably 15 years, and I sit in a meeting with the other executives, and the software team was speaking, said, Yeah, our new release, we almost got it ready to roll out. Well, we need it soon, you know, for these issues. How many bugs does it have? Um, 500? Are you kidding me? We're gonna release that? Well, we have about that many every release we do. I'm like, holy crap. No wonder I have issues with my customers, you know? But it's just, it is. They have to get the release out. You got a million lines of code. Yep. You can't, someone's gonna hit this button, but this cow, you can do all the testing and beta you want, but there's gonna be that scenario when you release it in the general population. The topic of code, do you think would be possible? Like, you're talking about domestic areas and then obviously inside, like sounds might bounce around and reflect in strange ways. Is there possible to, like, implement some sort of monitoring, like, software inside the device itself? Like if the sound bounces weird back to the to like modulate the level of sound. I haven't really pursued that yet. The one thing I have worried about is the users. Okay. But if I'm firing the sound this way, most of the wavelengths will go directional. The lower frequency wavelength of life have been around the horn and get to the user to a certain extent. Most are less damaging, right? Yes. Lower, it can affect you more, but it has to be over a longer duration of higher intensity. So it's it's, um, it's really not doing a whole lot on the lower end. It bends around. But one of the things I was thinking of incorporating with this is basically a set of headbones that say mandatory for use of this device. Okay. 30 bucks, then you have hearing protection. It limits the liability. You didn't use it when you were supposed to, I think. So, um, this will not be classified as a gun because it doesn't fit the description of the gun. So it's not a firearm. Really didn't have a classification, per se. One of the things, um, one of my roommates, uh, can catch up with them. He worked for an apartment of Army Research where they evaluate weapons and this type of stuff. And I talked to him about this and, you know, he said, it's a great idea of me, but the problem is, you know, size the battery that you have to have to. And I said, well, I can do what I want, and I can design. He says, if you can do that, that's great. But some of these may be certifying agencies that I still have to identify who's going to sign off that this is not, because we can design it, but then you end up in a courtroom with a lawyer and you can get a professional witness to say about anything you want to. Yes, this was responsible. You can get another one in the same office. No, I had no effect at all. But they run about six or 700 bucks an hour, and then the testimony and deposition, you're in way over your head. So it's nothing we want to get involved with. I have been involved with one patent model suit at one time. We had parted company, and I was responsible for that company, and they had stolen some patentable ideas from another company, and it was on something very simple. It was basically computer on wheels. And I'm sitting there with these lawyers. They said, Yeah, well, one of the patents is the angle of it. footrail. Mm. You got to be kidding. No, they ain't all that foot right. So if we change it, now, as you've already violated it. I mean, just little things like that, you think, half will do this. I currently have identified six patentable items in my design. It may go up to 10. I'm still researching a couple of them. So there's a lot of patents around this, but if there's any other devices that we could use or come up with in the process, like I said, you don't want to credit that for design. So what you think of this is your party, because it, to me, it's, it's a new product that the margins just doesn't exist anywhere in the world. And if it does what I believe it will do, and I've done a research to feel highly confident that it will be effective now, whether the market acceptance is as big as we hope, I don't know. You know, this may be the coolest toy we ever invented that we never use. We never go. You, each of you may have one of these, do the projects. I gotta have one, you know. But, um, Art, within our span of this semester, I really want to work on optimizing the design and getting it down and testing it. So, um, I have access to buildings and houses and stuff if we need to set up scenarios or stuff. I will depend on y'all as well, but it determines some this stuff. Also, the just the testing protocol on the wiring, we run up for 24 hours, we run on a max load, we run our energy 80%. How do we do this and certify that our designs good? And are the pieces that I have so far adequate for what we're doing or do I need to go back and redesign? Now, one of the things I talked to a friend of mine, from college who does some electrical engineering, is when I showed him the array on the bell of the horn, he goes, So I'm using the star heat sink, and the LED is mounted on top of that. Yeah, I'm familiar with what that looks like. Looks like that right there. Come on. Oh, okay. So that's what the LED looks like. It's that big. Just so you know, we're working with a light at about 6,000 degrees Calvin. That's the optimal, like, white light to use. The green light produces at its own grate, but the white light, the higher, um... The better, or even I don't know why it's Kelvin, you know, or the, uh, are they measure the heat like that? Are the, uh... Uh... Sorry, I lost my mind now. All right, everyone's in. Whole thing I was just telling you about. Okay, let me see. Oh, light temperature, light color. You know how that's derived? How they scale that? They take a piece of titanium, I think it is, and they heat it. No it's cobalt. It's cobalt. And they heat it up, and the more heat, when it hits, when it says 6,000, when you heat cold, cobalt's up to 6,000 degrees, that's the color that it generates. Mm. So, when you say that, that's what the, like, intent or the light... Whether it's cool, wide, or daylight, or whatever else. So this is the device. Like I said, that's what it looks like. Now, what he said is, Brett, that little LED on the front, you could put on a circuit board, and it'd be a lot easier. That's great, but I'm just getting through my prototype, 'cause this, I have to have a quarter inch plate behind this of aluminum for the heat dissipation. The heat management of it. But in the future, I mean, if we come up with the, Hey, we can just get a circuit board. Like this. Uh... Of course, I got rid of it earlier, and we see if I can find a pre, pre, pre, pre... Oh, well, this is cool, let me show you. Just take my word from here. I will. Here we go. So this is our... This is our webpage for Cree, and they have, they're offering this... I keep telling whether they're offering the service now, a complete single supplier solution back by the highest level of quality. And if you go here, it takes you to the designing parameters. For indoor, outdoor. Five board design, but you can customize it. You send them, tell them what you want to do. So there's a lot of industry related stuff we probably need to learn here, too, as he just applies. I went with Cree because I've researched and spoke to either the highest output LEDs out there. I've never big names, so I feel pretty comfortable with going with that. Okay. Um... Um. Yeah, fire away with the questions, huh? What, um, what, like, maintenance? So I think you mentioned in class, you wanted it to be like, main, like any repairs be done in house, but like for like things like a battery, is that something that could be easily replaced? Because that's something that's going to degrade. I think it's going to be important to do that. But then again, even to hide our, um, so it's not backward engineering to hide our algorithms or programming on our chips. They suggest encasing it in epoxy. Mm hmm. Just stays where it is. And makes it waterproof, too. Yeah, that helps. There you go. And I'm thinking, I want the case closed, and I would rather handle the service myself, because if they crack it open, they don't install it right, it doesn't work right, or, you know, the service end of technology is, can be a bear too, because you have, I bought this model, a battery, well, that was phased out a year ago. So what's my replacement part? Does it fit in the same space? You just, there's all that logistical trail. Whenever you do anything, if you don't plan for the end of the life of that product based on the technology, then you're having trouble. So, um... How are you gonna incentivize someone to send it back for repair rather than just buying anyone? Um, it'll be expensive enough. Well, be under warranty. A warranty is up and my last company was just crazy. I, you know, I saw a $2000000 system. I had no warranty. But it had, and I had to explain this because the contracts were super used to customers. The reason it doesn't have warranties, we're charging the service from the beginning. So we built it into the pricing. If you want to, if you don't want a warranty, then just pay for the service. the same thing. But I'd rather guarantee it for a period of a year or two. And then after that, you know, if there's no signs of misuse, you know, we do it for free. Just because it's our product, we can stand behind it. Yeah. Um, go ahead, other questions. Come on. So I'm guessing you want the design, I guess, I'll be, uh, all certain to tell all that stuff to be, like, really enclosed, so it's not possible to... Yeah. Yeah. I went at it as a hardened system. At prototype, we can do whatever we want to. You don't have to worry about that as much. But if we're starting to say, well, let's start working on that iteration, it's gonna make these parts smaller and better, you know, for cost effective, whatever we're looking for. Then we can start doing more of a final, or an upgraded prototype. This is version one. Don't ever buy anything with a serial model of 0001. You're asking for trouble. Cyber charge. I had 2 of those ordered and I tried to They're so ugly. You're not wrong. I just, I went to, I'm like, oh, this... Can't play worth it. It's like shoe. Oh, I have a Model X, and when I hit my break the door, shut, I can open it. And I get in that thing, I got a manly shut the door. It's like, no, I'm downgrading from this, but by the way, did y'all hear Tesla stopping making the X and Y? It's like robots. Which is interesting to me because the Y is a very high selling model. Yeah. It's funny to me. Well, their margin on robots is going to be much bigger. And their sales for that brand cars are not what they are for the cheaper cars. Um, So, uh, they're gonna start doing robots. The middle is your other Fremont factory. They plan on producing one million a year. For what? Exactly. First uses are gonna be industrial, repetitive jobs, or environments, where the sound is an issue, other issues. So, that's the 1st most logical, which, if you watch Blade Runners, why they made declines special. The, uh, how's my thought? sorry, just go off and explain. You're good. I'm on down the road, and I'm like, where was it when I got off that road? Oh, used to the robots. They also use them in factories for very repetitive jobs. You want to put in this here, the dexterity and the accuracy. I mean, it will be on humans. So those highly repetitive jobs, they can do that. Then after they hit the industrial market, then they'll start selling to individuals. Now, this is why. Uh, yeah. Sure. I'm gonna ask you a question about the device. So you talked about the labeling it as less lethal? Is there, is there still for a self-defense device, are there any like legal constraints or like, like things that we need to follow in terms of, um, Because I know, I know you said that there's not really a product like this out there, but are there any like set, Constraints we have to follow for a self-defense device, like legally? No, there's really nothing. I mean, because it's such craved anything. Yeah. So there's no parameters per se, but they'll judge the final format. What does it do and does that affect someone's significant enough harm? Okay. Like what level of harm goes into lethal? Okay, but this... Okay. Even pepper gel. If I sprayed your knives, you ran into traffic, I hit my car. I'm serious, that's... It would be considered lethal, then? Okay, okay, okay. That's... once again, if you get a lawyer in the room, that's automatic. So, from consumer to consumer, rather than, like, on a school level, if you're selling these and you're, like, are you gonna do, like, um, like, say a background track, like, would a weapon or no? No. No, because they're non-latal. It has a full warnings. They can get it as they want to. And it's really a defensive weapon because if finally hit it, you can turn around and run away. You can cut yours and not look at it. I mean, you're fine. Okay. So it's not like I shot you when you're down. So as I went through the different devices, the nonlethal devices, they're on the market. The one other thing that's obvious out there is firearms, but nothing ever good happens when you pull the trigger. I mean, I have firearms, I build them. I know what I'm doing. But the problem is, they're indiscriminate. If you pull the trigger, you can go through a wall, it can hit the wrong person. It's just, it's bad. The other thing about gunfire is the decibel level, so much higher than what we're going to. So I'm probably trying to get to those people and go, look, here's what you got. Here's what I can provide. But, like, even a flashbang, it's 160 decibels. That was a lot of hair damage from the start. But you're using that scenario where you're trying to... That's like... Military, yeah. Yeah, you're starting to every obligation then. And as far as the semester, you mentioned, like, what you want by the end of it, do you know, like, did you talk to our professors, like, what our, like, their program is, like, what our timeline is that we have or no? In general, they said we have them in a semester. If we need to do this in 2 phases, we can do it spring and fall. Yeah, I think they plan for spring or this spring semester to be the planning phase and then our false semester is going to be the implementation. of the of the product. I believe most of us are available for the summer. I don't know. I'll probably have an internship, but I mean, it's might be in Austin. With the amount of design we have to do on here, I think we can go to build this semester. I mean, it's just I almost have everything there. Okay. And once I lay it out for you with the parts and components and show you what I have and the and the back and the research I've done, you're gonna go, oh, the taskers are not that big. And there's not that many of them. So it may seem like a donkey, how are we gonna do this? The testing is going to be the challenge change. Yeah. And if we don't test it, then it's worth it. It's a bunch of fun. So we've got to get to the stage of weekend, but... Or we can work on the software. We can, we can, we'll do version one, and we'll say that doesn't work because this, then we'll do lead 2, or be one. and we'll just continue to roll till we have each of the systems down in the panel. don't have to make sure that they move properly. Okay. Where's my machinist? Um... So, basically, um, okay, okay, okay. They have... just the robots for the homemark, it can be pretty much anything. They can wash dishes, iron, vacuum. And they learn on their own. So they will learn past once you do it. I saw a video yesterday where it actually had the robots, this latest generation, running, not walking, but literally, physically running, just like an individual. Now, there's a bunch of robots trying to get into the marketplace, but they're using the AI to drive the whole thing. So there's another version out there aren't as articulating, um, as thorough as far as weight distribution or advance as far as learning. So it's like anything. Um, other questions. Yeah, um, so, what kind of, like, I guess this is more of a long term. This is, some of the, some of these questions are going to be because we have, like, certain assignments where we have to get some things. But, like, for profit, what kind of profit are you looking for in terms of like product and like, like, quality of materials versus how much you're gonna make off of it? And I can, looking at it up now, the cost of goods, I can get under $300. Okay. The price point is probably around a 1000 plus. Okay. So you're running about a 78% margin. The difference between the margin and profit? It's all right. Trust me, I was working for the company and they're talking about this stuff like... So profit, you're making five, if I'm going 200 and my cost of goods is $200, and my sale price is $1,000. I have what percentage profit? 5 eggs. Right? And what shark? It sounds great. Uh huh. But it's sale price... Minus cogs, Tasta Goods, provided by sale price. It's real simple. Mm hmm. And what this does is it keeps it relatively, because 500 sounds great, what does that really mean? Most software companies run in extremely high margin because your cost of goods for software at zero. Mm. So, I'm sure, if you're looking to invest in the software company, they should have extremely huge margins. When you get hardware intensive, you just can't mark up hardware that much. Because it's more a commodity type thing than everything else. So our target margin was 60% margin. Because that doesn't count R&D, that doesn't count overhead, it doesn't count anything. That's just cost of goods. So it's really deceptive if you go on profit margins, so they look at cost of goods. But that doesn't include anything. It's just... cogs, cogs, hard things that you gotta... generate P.O. to acquire everything yet. So, our sale price, our target's gonna be about 1,000 of these. because we are going to offer warranty. We're the only one in the field. There's no reason to commoditize it to say. And I wanted to find a price point where people go, it's worth the value. Old story, 70, 50, 60 years ago, they had wood paneling, and then they came out with the, um, I don't know what they call it anymore. But basically, it looks like wood paneling, but it's just thin composite stuff. Well, when it first came out, I think they were selling it back then on these relative numbers, say $10 a sheet. Well, they thought, Hey, when you get petted, they jumped at $3 a sheet. Well, no one bought it 'cause it's cheap. The perception is, the more you spend better. Yeah. I have a friend. He's actually an engineer. He does forensic witnessing now. He has 39 Rolexes. You don't need 39 Rolexes, okay? Just to let you know, but the perception is, I have a little... Shittiest, I'm sorry. Sorry, I couldn't say that. The worst time piece in the world. Every day, you're fixing the time. It's beautiful jewelry, but it's not a good time piece. But at the price point they sell it at, and all the thing, the yacht stays fine, they've established that they're... You could buy it, it's a pretty piece, and it's, oh, look at mine, look at mine. But the price has a connotation to it. So the morning, if it was 5,000, the other thing is discounting. So you make your list prize $5,000, and you sell it for 1,000 people, or you get, Oh, I got this A person on. So there's all sorts of number games that you play. And then if we sell to the government, the government has a favor nations clause, which, as you can sell to no one cheaper than yourself does. But there's workarounds. Well, you're only buying a thousand a year. They're buying 2,000, so you don't have the same agreement that we do, so I can sell them anymore. So there's, that's the stuff I bring to the tables, all this knowledge of inner work and, um, other things. I understand the concepts I'm talking about. I understand that you, it's a manager, I understand the, the human elements to this. And like I said, I've grown up studying weapons since I was... I grew up in a country. We had rocks and sticks, okay? Serious, man, three channels on TV, they're all soap operas, always. It's just horrible going up. But I've always, I've read the books about, from the earliest weapons, how to build and everything else, and you design them for a purpose. And the thing about weapons is, when you come out with one, someone figures out how to build a better one, or they're going against the one. It just the history of that. But, um, when this hit me, it's just, it's a weapon, but it's, like I said, it's not intended to take him. Yeah. So, um, is there any of y'all that are gonna be a project lead, or build a project plan, or how, how does this roll out as far as setting an objective time frame? We have a couple of different roles. So, we haven't put together, specifically a time frame yet, part of the things were put together. We just recently put together project rules and everything. So, um, we had to really have a lot of those things put together yet, but we will have. Well, now that you know the scope of this, you can say, okay, yeah, I can take this portion or I'll be the lead on this portion. Yeah. Believe this or not, I get to, I'll tell you the story. get to bore you. This one time, because I drove here. They, when I was here in 1978. I took an introduction to engineering course. I thought engineers ran trains. I had no idea what engineers did. I grew up in a country. I mean, I was a cowboy. grew up in the country. We just did our thing out there. Well, I took this course, and we had to do a project, and we got an A plus on there, and I was like, yeah, I'm good at this. And, um, but what we designed, we designed it. We built it, we prototyped it, we tested it, we did the, I mean, it was a police bank product. It was the automatic light switch. for rooms, sensor money. That was how many 50 years ago, almost? Didn't know what to do with it, but I had all the information. I still have the packet that we put together, but... it's viable, but you can do things, but get them to market is a whole nother thing. That's my point of that. And I think we can do this, and I would be start, try and spend a lot of focus, not on, okay, what code do we put in here or what's this? I have the algorithms I want to run with the sequencing I want to run to get a baseline. Like I said, when we test this, we might go. And even to your point, one of the challenges I have is the diminishing return on your sound. I mean, life travels is fine, but your sound is the problem, because if they're this close, I'm gonna stop you for sure. But if they're 20 yards to do that, do I put some sort of a sensor on the front of that that looks at the distance, a meters the sound? Yeah. You know, these are the little things. How do we make this even a little bit better? A little more effective. Even with the light intensity. Do we does it tone down, tone up? Even where those light beams focus to create the point, is that, I mean, if you put them at the end of the horn, it's 6 inches away, at 5 degrees, they never converge. I mean, it's a mile out there where they converge. If you tilt them in, one, two degrees, they converge in three feet. So it's just, where do I want those lights to converge at? And we're gonna have five degree lights, 15 degree, and 30 degree lights. So that we can light up the entire room, but also have the focus where we want to on certain things. They have that blind, temporary blinding effect. So all those little tweaks, you know, the sequencing, what works best for this orientation, we may be our own guinea pigs, I'll do it. I don't care. I'm old. I'm gonna put half my finger off, so... Did that. Had that started recently, broke the bone there, so... I don't mind being a game. We could probably also use like decibel meters for... I have a decimeter already. I need to make sure, there's going to be... Some figuring out how to do things best. I get the light meter, um, but ideally, we would have this as our room, we'd set the device here, and be able to sit out sensors everywhere, and not have to walk around and say, okay, at one meter, we drove arc on the floor. What's our reading here, reading here and then map it all the way out? So, um, those are some of the things we'll probably be a little primitive again, but it'll work. When you get the test results, we went out of it. Like I said, I have a couple buildings I can use if we need to meet someplace off campus to test this, 'cause I don't know if it'd be real cool with those blasting 130 decibels. Fair. Yeah. We're bringing that on to campus. Yeah, we can try it. Hey, you're students run at us. Come here. Here. Drop them all, yeah? Some people would volunteer for sure. I know there would be at least like mine. Well, we may look for volunteers. You want to be guinea pig in our project, but... So we will need hearing protection whenever we're using this, obviously. The other thing, do we want to do a test mode? Do we want to have this where it produces a low so we can test the circuitry and everything else? Just all those type of things, we want to do, even with the sound, the way I'm gonna meter it out, what's the best protocol? Is it that? 130, yes, bull for 5 milliseconds, every minute, or, excuse me, every 2 seconds, every one second. I would think it's best alternating, but with some maximum duration, between the 130 decibels, it'll still be effective. So there's some tweaking I need to do on some of that stuff. I have general principles and algorithms, but I want to see if they work and see if we can make them better than they are now. Yeah. Other thoughts, questions? Um... Do you have any... are there any questions that we wrote down that we missed? Let me look at my notes. as far... quality. I know you said that you have someone, like, is this coming, you have a manufacturer in China, right? That you were speaking with? Okay. And they, did they produce for a lot of people? No, no. No it's a private. This guy's retired. Um, wakes up at noon. Um, he's 80 years old, being on that, Aidan Orange, casualty, you name it. But, uh, he was in, he had a machine shop. Now he has one at his house. So I go over there in the evenings, and he's built medical prototypes, so he's, I mean, he wanted Eric, he's done aircraft, he does a lot of aircraft, so he's a very, very good machinist. So anything I want to do, like I said, even with this, you know, he's, to get that coupling down to the right size for the pipe, we're taking bars, 2 inch bar stock, and turning it down, and then drilling it out. So, I mean, he's really good at doing that. So long term, this is going to be USA produced, then, is what you're saying? Yeah. Okay. I don't see why it can't be. Yeah. You know, we may have to get the part, now the part I'm using now is the pipe and the bell that has some weight to it. But we also are gonna have to worry about the weight distribution, as far as what about the battery, where, 'cause if you get this to hold it, it's not gonna work. So we've got to work on a lot of ergometrics too, the actual trigger device. You know, I have an AR lower on here with a trigger on. That's just for illustration purposes. So I don't know what type of trigger we use. I don't know how to spec that part, you know, to where it does the right things at the right time and everything else. So right now, the weight of, you know, what's the weight of the belt, currently? Uh, I'd say it's about the front end's about a pound and a half. Okay. It's the bell and the tube. And then you have a battery already selected or no? I do, and it's a, um... What's got? Um... Two things up on here, of course, but that's that. Yeah, I do have the batteries, or about that. Okay. Um... What you gonna say, then? I mean, for the trigger for the time being, we probably could, like, take one from, like, an old controller. That's what I'm thinking. Game console or something. They'd probably be able to get an output from it. Exactly. I have a broken line. Nice. Even better. Free. What's your target for like, I guess, the weight, I guess, for the 1st prototype? You know, it's weight is the least consideration at this point. Okay. I need to build a prototype out of functioning and then go have your... Because even the bell in the horn, I can get, if I go to manufacturing, I can get it built as a one piece unit. Because right now, I'm gonna have to do the horn, I'm gonna have to thread it here. I've got to board out just a hair there, so there's no change in the dimensions of the pipe. I gotta do that. So the prototype is going to be costly bulky. I get that. But if I can have a manufacturer, fabricate the belt, thin wall, and I'm gonna lose a couple pounds there, probably, just in the design. The speaker is, is the challenge, and I haven't researched them all. I got a referral on two that would have the power drive that I need. This one is 60 bucks apiece. The other one runs 400 apiece. It's better. Yeah. I'm not going with the better. There's no trade-off where I could charge... a thousand bucks, just upgrade the speaker. Yeah, yeah. So those are the practical considerations of this. What can we do that keeps us from them? Because you can design. You'll understand scheduled dilapidation. Hmm. That's good. It's an automotive term primarily, but when you design a cart with enough money, you can build it to last forever. Yeah. You just could. So, when you're designing mechanically, you design to point the dilapidation, whether that's a million cycles, or 60,000 miles, or whatever it is. We're gonna build it to where we know it's gonna last that. We know it's gonna fail after that, 'cause we're just not gonna put the money, if we spent more money, it costs too much, da da. So they do the math on that. And that's why car warranties, they know exactly when that dilapidation is. And they schedule for right after, you know, right before that, we'll sell it to you. They know every part one is going to fail. I mean, they have all the data, they sell the parts, they know all this stuff. That's scheduled dilapidation is, is, is you know how many cycles it's gonna last? I don't see that being an issue with here, but it's take with version control I can see is constantly improving this. There's 2 miles on that, you do version releases, specific version releases, or the Tesla model, which, they just stick it in the next version that's coming out. I probably have with that is service afterwards, but they don't have that issue because they have it wired pretty well. So that's why I want to keep it coming back to us for that because, like I said, suppliers go out of business, industry standards change. We designed something new. We have a 1000 boards in stock. Oh, now we got to jump all those because, you know, we found a better way to do this. There's a whole lot to the business in, and, um, and the reason I tell you this is so you can design with that in mind. You know, Oh, this is the best part. Well, how much is it versus the other part? And is the difference worth it and will the market accept it? Because, like, the schedule, I could build my alternator out of gold coils, probably have to last. You know, 2 million miles, but who's gonna pay for that? Yeah. Cool. What about for how long, do you have any safety limits that you would like to be put into the device? Like, I know, like this, the sounds is not damaging for a certain amount of time. you want to put like a time limit on some of the sound that you have? And that's what we have to do. Yeah, absolutely. So we're gonna have to, it's gonna modulate, like I said, it's gonna be a blast of 3000 pertz square wave for, you know, at this sound level for this period of time, then we're gonna go to this, this, this, you got the sweeps. So those things will have to be programmed, because I've also wanted, as almost like a random generator, so it's not a sequence. Yeah. Okay. You know, it's just, it's random. It just, you know, because if we sit down and do it, we may come up with some sequence or not optimize it. Whereas if you just have a random scent, we can test it and say, okay, instead of randomizing that, 130 decibel for five, let's do it for 10 and let's face it out more and see how that works and compress it more, figure it out, those type of things. But the real challenge, and I'm glad you brought it up, or at least I got my mind thinking that way. Light is not an issue for distance. The pepper spray, there's no option. I can get a bigger canister that sprays 25 feet, but didn't run into a whole bunch of... there. Form factor is important. Um, and then the, but the sound, effectiveness, I would like to be able to extend that by somehow sensing that I'm not. But you have to be able to prove it, too. So I don't know if that requires us to put a sound meter in the device or back towards the back of the device to see what the person's picking up sound wise. Those are all things that we all need to think about and say, how do we do that? So if you have concepts... You won't hurt my feelings. Yeah. It won't. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's a, there was this saying we used to say, because when you go in, is that a Apple? HP. HP, okay. If I want to try and convert you over to Apple, you know that system. You're comfortable with it. And I would start telling you about Apple, and this is just comparing stuff in industry. No one wants to hear that their baby's ugly. So you will defend that thing, you know, an apple, you just click this deal, this hit, well, with that, I can't even figure out, literally, with standard Microsoft, I can't even figure out how to work it that well. I've been Apple so long. that I, you know, I just, the workflow on this is so clugey to me. I can't, it's like I have to really focus. How do I just want to go to the internet? What do I do? You know? Um, So if I do that the same was, no one wants to hear that they're above it. Baby is ugly. Because I'm insulting you because you like that. So it's the same thing with this type of stuff. I don't care if you call my baby ugly because... It's fine. You can say, Brett, it looks horrible. I don't like your design, or I think you're going to, I won't take it personally. any dialogue, any input. And I'm always open to it. I want people to think creative and challenge me and say, bread, why'd you do it that way? You know, or that's stupid, you know, okay, well, then tell me what our options are, how we move forward. So it's, I like it because it's a big free thought project. There's so many aspects of tune your mind too, not only the physical or the mechanical, the electrical system, the legal system, the marketplace, the safety parameters you have to put on this. It's a big universe, there's a lot to think about. So, however y'all want to, now that y'all know this, however, you want to carve it up, and, um, I think the next get-together we have, I can bring everything that I have, with the lead on the table, and say, I can see how this kind of goes together. And I have parts that I already not needed anymore. I can send those back, but basically laid out, I have two complete systems. If one breaks, I don't have to order one, put it back on a week or two, or if it's back ordered, and... So any parts we need, just tell me I'll get them. If you know exactly what you want, if you source it and send it to me and say, hey, this isn't on Amazon, you gotta go to this manufacturer, and here's the partner, you get that. But we're needing that for that. That's not an issue. I think our only really big concern was, like, the safety aspects of it and, like, really ensuring that that decibel level is safe, which is why we were talking. If we can talk to a medical, because not just from a legal perspective, but also the fact that, like, I mean, children might have a different limit than what might be we might find online for adults. So if we can talk to a medical professional at any point, that would also ease our minds at least. here's the deal, though, doing something that's damaging then. There is. I mean, there's a ton of studies on audiology and human limits for hearing. So that's where my source is. Yeah. Um, and that's where I get the standard of 30 seconds max it at a 130 decimal. So there's published things out there, but even if you do that, I'm checking with the secondary agencies that might sign off on it. And there's a couple of them out there that do the regulatory stuff. Underwriting laboratories is way too much of a process, but if you can just get someone to sign off and say, it means these standards, it falls below the damaging levels and everything else. But, and that's some of the research that just continues to go on, because we may find a caveat to something that says, hey, well, you know, at this distance, we can kick it up to 133 or whatever else, but we also have to worry about the feedback to the end user. So, it's all intertwined. Okay. But I, uh, let me get that. All right, get that. Come on, switches. I don't know about y'all, but I just buy too much stuff on Amazon. It's Christmas every day, you know? That's on my front pole. What did I order? Oh, that's cool. Oh, my God. I realized I wanted that. I must have been high. I don't know. I got Porch Pirates, so I can't be ordering too much stuff, otherwise I'll get stolen. Is that how many room? Yeah. That's evil. That's the lockout switch. and shame on them for doing such a horrible, let me see if I can get a better picture of it with this suit they have. Go away. Back. Oh, I hate you. Oh, I'm working on this. What are your letters? So, the switch looks like it has multiple arrangements. What is this switchboard? This is the main switch, to arm it. Okay. Okay. So it has... That has a key in it? That red thing on top is removable key. Okay. So you can pull that out. So if you have it on the off mode, I'm sorry, it's nice, by the way. Have it on the off mode, you can pull the key out. So if you have kids around, you don't want them jacking with it. And you put that beside your knife standing in the jeward where they don't know where it is. Or you can leave it in, that's the off position right there. So if you're leaving it like that, which most applications would, the only thing you gotta do to operate this thing is turn that on, that's the safety, and then you're gonna go. What's the benefit of that versus like a fingerprint reader so you don't have something that you can lose? Um, Pinkpant Raider is cost of goods, failure points, failure to read, you got anything on your hand? Yeah, fair enough. There's a lot of points failure. You can do... Does it read her? We had fingerprints, readers on our... We rolled them out. We didn't have my person. We had fingerprint readers to it, and we were looking at doing the optical recognition stuff. There's just... There's a lot of... And, you know, how do you clean it and they didn't clean it right or they damaged it? It just, it's, I liked it, and I went across that myself, even though that'd be great if they could just grab it and understand them. But jacks up the cost, adds another system, add another failure. That's a couple failure points in time shit. Because that's the last thing you want to do is, I'm in that. not working. Yeah, but you have a glove on the decision. Stop. Hold on a second. Let me this speakerprint reader. And then, like I said, you just turn it on and that puts some flashlights on. Okay. And that's that's it. And then, if you'd, like, say, if you want to do it. I had bought some other switches, but they're all toggle switches or button switches, and I don't want people searching for a button with their finger in the dark. I want this very clear. And then we may put a small light above that, just a... something so they can see where to go to when they go to pick it up. Maybe it's motion activated or something else when you grab it. The light comes on around that, you can see that it reminds you to do it or something like that. So once again, this goes back to usability and sometimes we'll see. Whatever we can do to make sure that someone who just bought this thing in the dark can find it and use it properly without training for the Asians. Because every time you implement a system like this in a school, a police department, or any annotation, it's, uh, an organization versus an individual, you're going to have to have a training program. And then you have staff turnovers, so you got to have ongoing, container education for those type of people. So that's a whole nother program you got to come up with. You probably put a DVD online or a video online. sorry. Get old. Put that online to where, you know, they just scan the barcode on here and then pull watch the video for the training, but, you know, those are all things you have to do. to roll out a system like this. Yep. is have the training, have the protocols on how it's used. When you use this, here's how you use it, here's how you don't use it. The worn label's got to be what the attorney's on that, to get that. So there's a bunch of moving parts, but until we lock down what it's doing and what's liability has been doing a whole lot of good to validate that and get it signed off on. We gotta find them. But we will have the general parameters, just base off of the ocean, occupational standard and Health Act. Okay. There's a couple other organisms, but like I said, I can do the business and the legal and the other stuff. Y'all can identify it. I mean, that's all cool. Like, hey, you need to check into this or have to check into it. But the actual device, what people are gonna use, that's what I want to focus on this group is. Yeah, okay. Does that sound like what y'all were hoping for or? Sounds great. Yeah. I mean, to me, it's just very exciting. Every time I build and put one piece together, I'm like, oh, that's cool. That's cool. Um, Okay. So, it sounds to me like you want a lot of the prototyping to be fiscal rather than any, like, CAD modeling or anything. Like, what do you want for the next iteration once we have the prototype? Because it sounds like you want it done by the end of the semester for the prototype? One of my. I don't want to call it attribute. That's helping, though, it benefits me. I have no patience. Yeah. That's why I'm missing part of my career. I have no patience at all, and, um, military is driving me crazy, 'cause, you gotta do this, I just, I like to get things done and knocked out. And if we sat down in three hours with all the components, it could solder and wire, something half assed together, I'd be elated. Versus planning for three months and doing schematics and CADs, and okay, all right, let's do it now. I'm gonna get my hands dirty. Yeah. What little I have left? And, uh... Would you like us to still do some cats, though? Oh, like. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. I mean, but... You can do it. You can do it either way. You can either build it, and then do it, or do it, and then double it, you design. Build the prototype and have a cat for the 2nd iteration alongside that. It's like, this is what our next iteration is gonna look like. Yeah, and then we can put model it based off of that. And, um, whoever the project manager's gonna be, we need an ongoing features board. You know, we think it's something, you put it on the board, and then we say, do we want to add this, not? So we keep the active ideas going, you know? Um, We have a, um, we've made a GitHub project for it where we can put, we can put some of the features, have like a feature type of thing where we want to implement things. Sure. And track the feature development. And we might come across this and say, hey, this is a robot enforcement. Let's design around that. Even with the CAD stuff, you know, is, I know that there's, when I talk to my friend, there is software with electronics that you basically get the part number, you load it in, it does diagramming, tells you all, it just, so when you send it off to be printed circuit board, it's, they know what to do and can turn it back around. Some area of expertise, secondhand information, but sounds logical. And if not, we need to form a company that does that. Um... Oh, you said you had, like, pages of notes on stuff that you have designed that you have for Project already? I do. tons of pages, but I need to par out the old information. Okay. I mean, there's some stuff was the original concept that's now changed 4 times. Yeah. But, um, yeah, I should have the speaker driver, the entire hardware for the upper part there, and I have most of the lower parts, but I don't have the circuitry yet, or the right chips to generate the sound. That's the one thing that I just came up with recently that I need to do to harden the device. Would you be able to send us like a list of like the different parts that you have for the device so far? I can try. I need to do that anyways for counting purposes, but, uh... my fast mode is, I just bring a box and we dump it out, and... play Christmas, put those jigsaw puzzle together. Oh, I got this piece put over there. So yeah, I'm a real hands-on. visual type of person. Yeah. I mean, I can read a schematic. I know what it means, what it's trying to say. I can read blueprints and not, you know, CAD drawings. Um, But I'm a real hands-on person. It doesn't mean we don't have to do it that way. This is my deal. So, I will try and get a parts list of the things I think are still relevant, and yeah. There's really not that many. about 10 parts on here, but some of them have changed and some of them I have, I know the part, but even like the flasher or the stroke controller, I bought the 1st version, and then, okay, now if I want to do it randomized, I got to buy this other controller, and now that I did that, now that I want to do it randomized and sequential, I don't know if I have the right one to do that. It's like, that day I just bought this thing, it was going to work perfect. Like I said, just, you won't overhurt my feelings. You won't interrupt me, just whatever you want to ask or say, I'm totally up for. Um, but yeah, I will try and get a list of all the parts in peace and my old numbers and such, so you can see what I have. But at the same time, I'm just as happy to bring it with Joe. Get your hands on it and throw it around and say, Tell me that. He died. Or let's go ahead and start building it now. Just... Yeah. Well, I try to do my own electrical engineering with my friend, who's the machinist. And we had a diode, and we hooked it up to 12 old, and we were blind, and it burnt out. So I figured I need some more expertise. Okay, I can do that. Y'all have any questions? Do... Do you, um, do you want our schedules? I have like a counter made with everyone's... Y'all y'all tell me when and where I'm flexible. Like, I'm really flexible. Wednesday, late afternoons are not good farming. But I can move everything else around if I have to. Okay. Um, yeah. And whether you're made on campus, whatever's convenient for y'all, I'm good. If y'all want to meet somewhere, my house is not a great place. It's I got too many things spread out too many places. I just bought a CNC machine, and I have no room for it. Oh, wow. Yeah. The... But I do have friends with buildings and other stuff that we can test it out that's in the middle of nowhere that I'm not gonna take you out there and tell you or anything. Promise. Yes, I will. Of course, I was with a serial killer, we say. If we're in need of a place to build things, we do have a maker space on campus that works pretty well. Yeah, that'd be great. We can assemble it. Now, if you need any, so if we're putting these components together, if you need a case or a board or something to mount them to, I can do all that stuff. I mean, that's a, that's stuff I can do. So I don't know how you're going to assemble it or need to fix it onto a deal or, but if you need any support, that way, I can help you. Um, what frequency do y'all want to get together, when do you want to use the net? don't have to determine ultimate frequency, but when do you want to get together next? You can send me a schedule. I'm flexible. Um, I think, like, we were thinking to start off with biweekly, and then we can, or... I would like to get a good kick off meeting where like 2 hours where I can get the parts out and we're tactile on this stuff and that's not working or really get the full brain pull hands on and... You can do something a little, like, soon? Yeah. So we can get started on that. Exactly. Just so we all know the pool scope of where we're at, because this gives you an introduction, but it's all verbal and just visual versus tactile. And I think once we get tacked, I'll you'll really get a better feel for... I get what we're doing here, and this makes sense, because even the wiring going up to the bell, how do we do we put that in the track? Do we have to cover the entire pipe and belt in a Sonic insulation. So, do we put, for the prototype, we can just run the wires and wrap the tape around, we can duct tape everything. But for the final version, that'd be one of our considerations, is our wire wave management. Originally, those lights up front were just, I was planning on doing those, um, in cereal and then bring them back, do it in parallel for the hookup. But if I want the lights to sequence around, I'm gonna figure out how to do that. And I even thought through that fully, because, like, my configuration is 30 degrees, 25 degrees and 215 degrees. As far as the LEDs and the lenses on those. So I will have really high intensity outfit with those 5 degree. But if I start sequencing around, am I gonna have, am I gonna miss that? And if I have the right sequences, it matter. So those are the little things I need to do, but just as far as the wiring configuration and the logic to get them to fire in the right deal. It was simple when they were just gonna alternate, like I said, I had one flasher form, but it's gotten more complicated. And I will try and give you a better brief and have this broken out in different sections. Like I said, I just started aggregating last night, so I'll take them all clean up. But I will, uh, for next me, I'll plan on having that ready. Sounds good. I right.